Update WCAG2ICT versions section (#1717)
w3c/wai-website: pages/standards-guidelines/wcag/non-web-ict.md

While WCAG2ICT provides guidance on applying WCAG in non-web contexts, application of some success criteria to electronic documents, whose source is driven by non-web markup technologies when they are delivered via a website, may benefit from more specific guidance. Likewise, guidance for mobile applications may also benefit from a greater level of detail.  

### WCAG2ICT versions

> * [Guidance on Applying WCAG 2 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT)](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict-22/) — first published on 15 November 2024, covers WCAG 2.0, 2.1, and 2.2. This document is actively maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Guidance on Applying WCAG 2 to Non-Web Information and Communications Technologies (WCAG2ICT) – W3C Group Note](https://www.w3.org/TR/wcag2ict-22/) — covers WCAG 2.0, 2.1, and 2.2 and is periodically updated (see [publication history](https://www.w3.org/standards/history/wcag2ict-22/))
```
